create road loc 5 1 color gray
create road loc 5 2 color gray
create road loc 5 3 color gray
create road loc 5 4 color gray
create road loc 5 5 color gray
create road loc 5 6 color gray
create road loc 5 7 color gray
create road loc 5 8 color gray
create road loc 5 9 color gray
create road loc 4 1 color gray
create road loc 4 2 color gray
create road loc 4 3 color gray
create road loc 4 4 color gray
create road loc 4 5 color gray
create road loc 4 6 color gray
create road loc 4 7 color gray
create road loc 4 8 color gray
create road loc 4 9 color gray
create road loc 6 8 color gray
create road loc 6 9 color gray
create road loc 7 8 color gray
create road loc 7 9 color gray
create road loc 8 8 color gray
create road loc 8 9 color gray
create road loc 9 8 color gray
create road loc 9 9 color gray
create road loc 10 8 color gray
create road loc 10 9 color gray
create road loc 11 8 color gray
create road loc 11 9 color gray
create road loc 12 8 color gray
create road loc 12 9 color gray
create road loc 13 8 color gray
create road loc 13 9 color gray
create road loc 14 8 color gray
create road loc 14 9 color gray
create road loc 15 8 color gray
create road loc 15 9 color gray

create tree loc 7 1 color green
create tree loc 7 2 color green
create tree loc 8 2 color green
create tree loc 10 10 color green
create tree loc 12 10 color green
create tree loc 14 10 color green
create tree loc 16 10 color green
create tree loc 9 7 color green
create tree loc 11 7 color green
create tree loc 13 7 color green

create bench loc 3 5 color brown
create bench loc 3 6 color brown
create bench loc 6 3 color brown
create bench loc 6 2 color brown

create building loc 7 3 color red
create building loc 9 11 color red
p
create tree loc 50 4 color blue
create tree loc 4 50 color blue
